README.md, before:

# Switch Scanning Analysis
## Scripts and code to analyse switch scanning layouts for clients and their vocabulary

More text to follow soon

Whats in here:

1. VocabAnalysis.py Pass in a clients vocabulary (see test.txt for the kind of format of this) and will output a lot of statistcs on this data. NB: choose the right scan steps - right now hardcoded in the top of the file. 
2. StepAnalysis.py. Read in a scan step csv and provide a test sentence (and if you wish a scan rate) and will give estimates for time to take to write this message.
3. scan-steps-lib/ a library of scan steps for different layouts. 
4. Mapper/ - a funky script that tries to show you what a frequency list would like in a grid you make. 


### To-Do:

1. Provide some screenshots for each scan-steps-lib/ file
2. Clean up code to make more readable and usable (e.g. dont hardcode the scan steps in VocabAnalysis)
3. Create "VocabTimes.py" file that estimates total time to speak out vocab.

### Thanks

- Massive thanks to Heidi Koester who we have pestered on a weekly basis about this stuff 
- The clients who we cant have done this without.

Commit message:

updated to deal with python 3

README.md, after:

# Switch Scanning Analysis
## Scripts and code to analyse switch scanning layouts for clients and their vocabulary

More text to follow soon

Whats in here:

1. VocabAnalysis.py Pass in a clients vocabulary (see examples/vocab.txt for the kind of format of this) and will output a lot of statistcs on this data. NB: choose the right scan steps - right now hardcoded in the top of the file. 
2. StepAnalysis.py. Read in a scan step csv and provide a test sentence (and if you wish a scan rate) and will give estimates for time to take to write this message.
3. scan-steps-lib/ a library of scan steps for different layouts. 
4. Mapper/ - a funky script that tries to show you what a frequency list would like in a grid you make. 


### To run

NB: Requires Python 3!

`pip install -r requirements.txt`

then run whichever. e.g:

`python VocabAnalysis.py --vocab-file path-to-file.txt`
`python StepAnalysis.py --ssteps path-to-step-scanning-lib-file.txt --scanrate 1`


### To-Do:

1. Provide some screenshots for each scan-steps-lib/ file
2. Clean up code to make more readable and usable (e.g. dont hardcode the scan steps in VocabAnalysis)
3. Create "VocabTimes.py" file that estimates total time to speak out vocab.
4. Right now code is designed to strip out non-Alpha characters. This is a bad idea if you want to analyse this in your code


### Thanks

- Massive thanks to Heidi Koester who we have pestered on a weekly basis about this stuff 
- The clients who we cant have done this without.
